Okay. Let's go through this case-by-case.
For this first one,
the client wants to check when logo.png was last modified.
We know that the last modified header has that information.
Since the client is not interested in actual content of the file,
a header request is appropriate here.
Forms only allow two methods: GET and POST.
Since we are sending data,
we need to use POST as the method here.
Whenever you want to retrieve the contents of the file,
you need to use GET.
All of the verbs use the response body for something else or not at all.
Finding out which verbs are supported on an endpoint
is exactly what OPTIONS method is designed for.
So that is the correct answer here.
Again, we are retrieving content here so the only method that makes sense is GET.
As you can see, there are many different ways to send a request.
For the server to respond correctly,
it's important that we're using the right verb for the job.